# purpose-discord-bot
The multipurpose discord bot with an AI chat system, server management<br>moderation and more! Currently under development stage.

Current Features:
###### arole (mention) (role name) - Assigns the defined role to the user.<br>avatar (mention) - Displays the full image of the user's avatar.<br>cat - Shows a random generated cat image from the internet.<br>count (number) - Counts to the mentioned number from 0.<br>countb (number) - Counts backwards from the mentioned number to 0.<br>dict (word) - Shows the definition of the given word. (API: Meriam's Webster)<br>echo (channel) (text) - Repeats the given text in the defined channel, same channel if no channel is defined.<br>freebies - Returns the latest free game offers. (Reddit's API)<br>help - Shows the command list of the discord bot.<br>math (e.g. 20+58) - Returns the answer of the arithmeric operation. (+-/*)<br>meme - Returns a random generated dank meme from the internet. (Reddit's API)<br>memes - Returns the number of members in the server.<br>ping - Returns the response and API latency.<br>poll (question) - Creates a poll quickly with Yes/No choices.<br>purge - Clears the number of messages defined in the channel.<br>regdate(mention) - Shows the registered date of the user.<br>remind (seconds) (reason) - Creates a reminder with the specified reason, upon execution it replies to the message.<br>roll (lower-higher) - Returns a random number between the lower and higher numbers, 0-100 if no argument is given.<br>word - Returns the Word Of The Day (Meriam's Webster API)
